benami her mother-in-law said to her my
daughter shall I not seek security for
you that it may be well with you now
Boaz whose young women you were with is
he not our relative in fact he is
winnowing barley tonight at the
threshing floor
therefore wash yourself and anoint
yourself put on your best garment and go
down to the threshing floor but do not
make yourself known to the man until he
has finished eating and drinking then it
shall be when he lies down that you
shall notice the place where he lies and
you shall go in uncover his feet and lie
down and he will tell you what you
should do all that you say to me I will
do
so she went down to the threshing floor
and it according to all that her
mother-in-law instructed her and after
Boaz had eaten and drunk his heart was
cheerful he went to lie down at the end
of the heap of grain and she came softly
and covered his feet and lay down now it
happened at midnight but the man was
startled and turned itself and there a
woman was lying at his feet who are you
I am Ruth your maidservant take your
maidservant under your wing for you are
a close relative blessed are you of the
Lord my daughter for you have shown more
kindness at the end than at the
beginning and that you did not go after
young men whether poor or rich and now
my daughter do not fear I will do for
you all that you requests for all the
people of my town know that you are a
virtuous woman now it is true that I am
a close relative
however there is a relative closer than
I stay this night and in the morning it
shall be that if he will perform the
duty of a close relative for you good
let him do it but if he does not want to
perform the duty for you then I will
perform the duty for you as the Lord
lives
lie down until morning so she let his
feet until morning
[Music]
and she arose before one could recognize
another
[Music]
do not let it be known that the woman
came to the threshing floor
[Music]
bring the shawl that is on you and hold
it
and when she held it he measured six
keifa's of Barney and laid it on her
[Music]
then she went into the city where she
came to her mother-in-law she said is
that you my daughter then she told her
all that the man had done for her and
she said these six Eva's of barley he
gave me four he said to me do not go
empty handed to your mother-in-law sit
still my daughter until you know how the
matter will turn out for the man will
not rest until he has concluded the
matter this day
[Music]
you